Update ApiAnalyzer section (#13235)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/index.md

title: Port code from .NET Framework to .NET Core
description: Understand the porting process and discover tools you may find helpful when porting a .NET Framework project to .NET Core.
author: cartermp

> ms.date: 7/03/2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 07/03/2019
```

The following list shows tools you might find helpful to use during the porting process:

* .NET Portability Analyzer - [command line tool](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet-apiport/releases) or [Visual Studio Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ConnieYau.NETPortabilityAnalyzer), a tool that can generate a report of how portable your code is between .NET Framework and your target .NET Core platform. The report contains an assembly-by-assembly breakdown of the Type and APIs missing on the target .NET Core platform. For more information, see [.NET Portability Analyzer](../../standard/analyzers/portability-analyzer.md). It is recommended to run the .NET Portability Analyzer tool before you start porting, as it will help you identify any gaps in missing APIs.

> * .NET API Analyzer - A Roslyn analyzer that discovers .NET Standard API that throws [PlatformNotSupportedException](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.platformnotsupportedexception) on some platforms, detects calls to deprecated APIs and discovers some other potential compatibility risks for C# APIs on different platforms. For more information, see [.NET API analyzer](../../standard/analyzers/api-analyzer.md).  This analyzer is helpful after you already created your .NET Core project to identify runtime behavior differences on different platforms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* .NET API Analyzer - A Roslyn analyzer that discovers .NET Standard API that throws <xref:System.PlatformNotSupportedException> on some platforms, detects calls to deprecated APIs, and discovers some other potential compatibility risks for C# APIs on different platforms. For more information, see [.NET API analyzer](../../standard/analyzers/api-analyzer.md). This analyzer is helpful after you already created your .NET Core project to identify runtime behavior differences on different platforms. 
```
